fix(changelog): add missing entries for GW 2.8.x.x (#4391)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/gateway/changelog.md

  * SNIs
  * RBAC roles

> * Fixed an issue where the browser hung on creating an upstream with the existing host and port.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where the browser hung when creating an upstream with the existing host and port.
```

* Improved Kong Manager styling by fixing an issue where content didn't fit on object detail pages.
* Fixed an issue that sometimes prevented clicking Kong Manager links and buttons in Safari.
* Fixed an issue where users were being navigated to the object detail page after clicking on the "Copy ID" button from the object list.

> * Fixed an issue where the number of requests and error rate was not correctly showing when Vitals was disabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where the number of requests and error rate were not correctly displaying when Vitals was disabled.
```
